README.md, before:

# NYStateParkActivityKioskV2

## Prerequisite
- nodejs (>= 10.x) and npm
- mongodb(>= 4.x:)

## Nuxt app
1. ```cd app && npm install```
2. add a .env file like below
```bash
# local install example
PORT=3000
API_URL="http://localhost:3002/admin/api"
MEDIA_SERVER_API_URL="http://localhost:3001/media"
```
```bash
# cloud install example
PORT=3000
API_URL="http://XXXXXXXX.com/admin/api"
MEDIA_SERVER_API_URL="http://XXXXXXXX.com/media"
SHOW_CURSOR=true
```
3. ```npm run build``` or ```npm run electron:build```
4. ```npm run start``` or  ```npm run electron```

## Media server
1. ```cd media-server && npm install```
2. add a .env file like below
```bash
PORT=3001
MEDIA_DIR="../cms/media"
```
3. ```npm run start```

## CMS
1. ```cd cms && npm install```
2. add a .env file like below
```bash
# local install example
PORT=3002
MEDIA_DIR="./media"
MEDIA_SERVER_API_URL="http://localhost:3001/media"
PROJECT_NAME="MOEY ACTIVITY KIOSK CMS"
```
```bash
# cloud install example
PORT=3002
MEDIA_DIR="./media"
MEDIA_SERVER_API_URL="http://XXXXXXXX.com/media"
PROJECT_NAME="MOEY ACTIVITY KIOSK CMS"
```

#### Initialize CMS with new data
- ```npm run dev:setup-all```, then open it in a browser, login to the CMS and create an admin user

#### Import existing data
- use utilities/export-collections.js to export data from the existing db
- use utilities/import-collections.js to import data to the new db
- copy media files to cms/media/

3. ```npm run build```
4. ```npm run start```

## Nginx reverse proxy config example for cloud install
```bash
server {
  server_name [your-domain];
  client_max_body_size 20M;
  
  location / {
    proxy_pass http://localhost:3000;
  }
  location /media {
    proxy_pass http://localhost:3001;
  }
  location /admin {
    proxy_pass http://localhost:3002;
  }
}
```

Commit message:

update README with update log for v2.1

README.md, after:

# NYStateParkActivityKioskV2

## Update log
### V2.1
- Decoupled cms, nuxt-app, and media-server. Removed all interdependent codes and made all ports and domains manageable with .env files (cms requires package.json to change port)
- Updated readme (this) to set up applications for local and cloud installs
- Added utility scripts to imoprt / export MongoDB data
- new-feature: polling every 10 minitues (configurable) to check if there's change on activity data
- new-feature: add a flag to enable / disable cursor display
- bug-fix: activities' order was not sorted based on their order values

## Prerequisite
- nodejs (>= 10.x) and npm
- mongodb(>= 4.x:)

## Nuxt app
1. ```cd app && npm install```
2. add a .env file like below
```bash
# local install example
PORT=3000
API_URL="http://localhost:3002/admin/api"
MEDIA_SERVER_API_URL="http://localhost:3001/media"
```
```bash
# cloud install example
PORT=3000
API_URL="http://XXXXXXXX.com/admin/api"
MEDIA_SERVER_API_URL="http://XXXXXXXX.com/media"
SHOW_CURSOR=true
```
3. ```npm run build``` or ```npm run electron:build```
4. ```npm run start``` or  ```npm run electron```

## Media server
1. ```cd media-server && npm install```
2. add a .env file like below
```bash
PORT=3001
MEDIA_DIR="../cms/media"
```
3. ```npm run start```

## CMS
1. ```cd cms && npm install```
2. add a .env file like below
```bash
# local install example
PORT=3002
MEDIA_DIR="./media"
MEDIA_SERVER_API_URL="http://localhost:3001/media"
PROJECT_NAME="MOEY ACTIVITY KIOSK CMS"
```
```bash
# cloud install example
PORT=3002
MEDIA_DIR="./media"
MEDIA_SERVER_API_URL="http://XXXXXXXX.com/media"
PROJECT_NAME="MOEY ACTIVITY KIOSK CMS"
```

#### Initialize CMS with new data
- ```npm run dev:setup-all```, then open it in a browser, login to the CMS and create an admin user

#### Import existing data
- use utilities/export-collections.js to export data from the existing db
- use utilities/import-collections.js to import data to the new db
- copy media files to cms/media/

3. ```npm run build```
4. ```npm run start```

## Nginx reverse proxy config example for cloud install
```bash
server {
  server_name [your-domain];
  client_max_body_size 20M;
  
  location / {
    proxy_pass http://localhost:3000;
  }
  location /media {
    proxy_pass http://localhost:3001;
  }
  location /admin {
    proxy_pass http://localhost:3002;
  }
}
```
